do not forget to check the description
of the video for more information
and now everyone here yale or more and for
my personal channel in Spanish and the day of
today I bring you just a video
quick pretty informal as you can see
my bed is not attended and there is a
disaster around me so what
unique that I come to show you the day of
today in case you have seen it somewhere and
they wonder how it is or just
because they like to watch my videos and they are
I appreciate a lot because it is this package of
halo 4 which is basically the subscription
gold of 12 months plus one month or 13
months and apart includes a pen edition
special halo 4 and do that is
fun indeed when I had
announced this was not here in mexico
but this one is already importing what
which is good then they have a
cost a little bit higher apart from
the pen for import costs and
etc
but come on let's see it
quickly as you see, I have not
open but from what I 've seen it opens
too easy right there you pull it and already
there it is discovered so it is
pretty easy
take out the content that can see the
box there is and here our content
as you can see there says product of
import blah blah blah this has a
cost of 800 99 pesos in game rose that
is where I bought it maybe you can
find cheaper if they have if they have
lucky or after a few months already
spend a little bit the price and here we have
because the rest are only two pieces
pretty simple but
then he found mostly bought
for the feather because it really looks
interesting and this one is great me the
I was expecting a little bit smaller but
end of accounts it looks good it looks
fun
and here is the tip as you can see
then you can imagine doing your
notes there at school with a sword
of energy, he finds it a little bit
uncomfortable right now that I'm grabbing
and pretending that I write something but I
guess they get used one
a little uncomfortable but this one is pretty
see if you can appreciate a little more
the details
there looks more or less well the sword
I hope it does not lack lighting
As I tell you, I'm improvising
quite this video
and then the other content that then
basically it is the subscription card
gold
of 12 months plus a month 13 month or 3 what
which I needed because I ran out of
hold a little and I've been like a week
without golf and I need it to bring you more
content that I have planned obviously
apart from more content they will do
many things that I'm about to announce
so stay tuned at the ritz
Mexico especially on Facebook and in
twitter
that's where I put many things but
recently did some updates
both to my personal facebook page
like that of Mexico jailbreak
there you can directly read all the
tweets without opening an account
on twitter and follow us and so on then
just go to facebook and be denle
like the geroge page mexico and the
of highlands and so they are aware
of all the news
make sure you show them the
updates because sometimes they are not
sample
Well that's basically everything I'm going to
be announcing more of this in little
time and then we continue working in
here with mexico to be able to do
many more and better things soon
a surprise in the nest I know it has
there was a good time without making a video
for the nest I have been working on
something like that but
and it's taken a lot of time and I do not have
as much free time as it would seem
but good that has been everything for today
I hope you like it and you liked it
the feather and this is definitely
if they buy it, keep in mind that
now what little I have touched
it is already peeling a little bit of
there as you can see and I have touched it
really very carefully and that's it
going out the plastic then it's very
sensitive this I would say do not use it
just have the out there of
collection together with your collection
leave it and that's it
Well, I'm the channel logo of
youtube from my personal channel
See you soon